Good.
It's me.
So what?
Who are you?
How dare you say that in court?
Let Qin laugh.
This man's name is Li Huining.
She used to be a foster mother.
But now I've severed my mother's ties.
Cut off ties.
What do you say?
It's a long story.
There's this.
That's bold.
Such a crime.
Dare to walk in the palace.
How many heads do you have?
Who are you? You want to stand up for him?
Qin brother is the beloved son of the old general Qin.
Even if your supporter is Luu Truong Canh.
In front of you is worthless.
Your village.
Very brave.
Based on Save School Canh
Humiliate your adopted child.
Dare to tear up the holy thread
He even insulted His Majesty and the Princess.
Did you know?
Even if he were to leave the school in front of my father, he would have to respectfully invite tea.
The Qin Dynasty
Never heard of it.
This village woman of yours also doesn't know how a vile slave deserves to know the big name of my Qin family.
It's really not worth it.
You're a little self-aware.
No.
I mean...
The Qin family doesn't even deserve my ears.
The breath is loud.
Not only guilty of Princess Van Vu court chief
Dare to provoke the government of our town
Kill her.